docs: describe that `bind:value` creates a two-way binding (#8311)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/tutorial/06-bindings/05-textarea-inputs/text.md

---
title: Textarea inputs
---

> Similar to the text input in Svelte, a two-way binding will allow the user to update the value variable when information is updated in the textarea in the DOM. Try typing in the textarea, and then use 'bind:value':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<textarea>` element behaves similarly to a text input in Svelte — use `bind:value` to create a two-way binding between the `<textarea>` and the `value` variable:
```
